10:07 gatieme@Aspire:lxr $sudo ./scripts/configure-lxr.pl -vv
*** LXR configurator (version: 2.1) ***

LXR root directory is /opt/lxr
Configuration will be stored in custom.d/
directory custom.d created

Configure for single/multiple trees? [S/m] > m

*** LXR web server configuration ***

Many different configurations are possible, they are related to the way
LXR service is accessed, i.e. to the structure of the URL.
Refer to the User's Manual for a description of the variants.

LXR can be located at the server-root (so called dedicated)
or lower in the server hierarchy (shared because there are
usually other pages or sections).
Server type? [dedicated/SHARED] > SHARED

Selecting which tree to display can be done in various ways:
  1. from the host name (all names are different),
  2. from a prefix to a common host name (similar to previous)
  3. from the site section name (all different)
  4. from interpretation of a section name part (similar to previous)
  5. from the head of script arguments
Method 5 is highly recommended because it has no impact on webserver
  configuration.
Method 3 is second choice but involves manually setting up many
  symbolic links (one per source-tree).
Method 1 & 2 do not involve symbolic links but need populating webserver
  configuration with virtual hosts.
  Note that method 2 does not work well on //localhost.
Method 4 is deprecated because it has proved not easily portable
  under alternate webservers (other than Apache).

Tree designation? [ARGUMENT
/section name
/prefix in host
/hostname
/embedded in section] > 

The computer hosting the server is described by an URL.
The form is scheme://host_name:port
where:
  - scheme is either http or https (http: can be omitted),
  - host_name can be given as an IP address such as 123.45.67.89
              or a domain name like localhost or lxr.url.example,
  - port may be omitted if standard for the scheme.
--- Host name or IP? [//localhost] > 
--- Alias name or IP? > http://mylxr.com
--- Alias name or IP? > 
URL section name for LXR in your server? [/lxr] > /lxr
Will it be shared by all trees? [YES/no] > yes

*** LXR database configuration ***


The choice of the database engine can make a difference in indexing performance,
but resource consumption is also an important factor.
  * For a small personal project, try SQLite which do not
    need a server and is free from configuration burden.
  * For medium to large projects, choice is between MySQL,
    PostgreSQL and Oracle.
    Oracle is not a free software, its interface has not been
    tested for a long time.
  * PostgreSQL databases are smaller than MySQL's
    and performance is roughly equivalent.
  * MySQL is at its best with large-sized projects
    (such as kernel cross-referencing) where it is fastest at the cost
    of bigger databases.
  * Take also in consideration the number of connected users.
Database engine? [MYSQL/oracle/postgres/sqlite] > MYSQL
The safest option is to create one database per tree.
You can however create a single database for all your trees with a specific set of
tables for each tree (though this is not recommended).
How do you setup the databases? [PER TREE/global] > global
Name of global database? [lxr] > lxr
All databases can be accessed with the same username and
can also be described under the same names.
Will you share database characteristics? [YES/no] > YES
--- DB user name? [lxr] > lxr
--- DB password ? [lxrpw] > lxrpw
--- Directory for glimpse databases? > /opt/lxr/database/glimpse
--- Directory for swish-e databases? > /opt/lxr/database/swish-e
REMINDER: after this configuration step, open lxr.conf
and comment out one of 'glimpsebin' or 'swishbin'.

file .htaccess written into LXR root directory
file apache2-require.pl written into configuration directory
file apache-lxrserver.conf written into configuration directory
ERROR: unknown %virtroot% substitution marker!
ERROR: unknown %virtroot% substitution marker!
file lighttpd-lxrserver.conf written into configuration directory
file nginx-lxrserver.conf written into configuration directory
file thttpd-lxrserver.conf written into configuration directory
Mercurial support files written into configuration directory

*** LXR master configuration file setup ***
    Global section part

*** Configuring auxiliary tool paths
*** Host name previously defined as http://localhost
*** Configuring HTML parameters
*** 'Buttons-and-menus' interface is recommended for the kernel
*** to avoid screen cluttering.
--- Use 'buttons-and-menus' instead of 'link' interface? [YES/no] > YES
*** Configuring file subsection
*** Configuring "common factors"
*** Marking tree section

*** LXR master configuration file setup ***
    Tree section part
    SQL script for database initialisation

*** Configuring LXR server parameters
*** The virtual root is the fixed URL part after the hostname.
*** You previously defined the virtual root as /lxr
--- Caption in page header? (e.g. Project XYZZY displayed by LXR) > gatieme-lxr
Do you want a speed switch button for this tree ? [YES/no] > YES
--- Short title for button? (e.g. XYZZY) > speed-gatieme
--- Tree identification in URL? (e.g. the-tree) > the-tree
Do you need a specific encoding for this tree ? [yes/NO] > yes
--- Encoding name? (e.g. iso-8859-1) > UTF-8
*** Describing tree location
How is your tree stored? [FILES/cvs/git/svn/hg/bk] > FILES
*** A source directory contains one sub-directory for every version.
--- Source directory? (e.g. /home/myself/project-tree) >  /opt/lxr/database/source
Name to display for the path root? (e.g. Project or $v for version) [$v] > 
*** Enumerating versions
Label for version selection menu?  [Version] > 
  * Versions can be explicitly enumerated, be read from a file or computed
*** by a function. The latter case is recommended for VCS-stored trees.
Version enumeration method? [LIST/file/function] > 
--- Version name?  > 4.4.6
--- Version name? (hit return to stop) > 
*** By default, first version in list is displayed. You may also indicate
*** a prefered version.
--- Default displayed version is first in 'range'? [YES/no] > YES
*** Setting directory lists
*** Some directories may contain non-public project data (binaries,
*** compilers caches, SCM control data, ...). They can be hidden from LXR.
--- Directory to ignore, e.g. CVSROOT or CVS? (hit return to stop) > 
*** If your source code uses "include" statements (#include, require, ...)
*** LXR needs hints to resolve the destination file.
--- Include directory, e.g. /include? (hit return to stop) > 
*** Configuring data storage
--- DB table prefix? [lxr_] > lxr_

*** Configure another tree? [YES/no] > no
configuration saved in custom.d/lxr.conf
DB initialisation sript is custom.d/initdb.sh
